{{Event Tabs
|subpage1 = Operation Deep-Dive Treasure
|subpage2 = Kaleido-Catch
|subpage3 = Curio Ledger
}}
{{About|the Event|the Story Quest|Sunny Summer Fontinalia}}
{{Stub}}
{{Event
|name              = Sunny Summer Fontinalia
|image             = Sunny Summer Fontinalia Event.png
|type              = In-Game
|group             = Flagship
|event             = Fontinalia Festival
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2026-07-01 11:00:00
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2026-08-11 05:59:59
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link              = https://www.hoyolab.com/article/45647743
|link2             = https://www.hoyolab.com/article/45662748
|link2name         = Event Details
|reward            = Charlotte
|rewardType        = Character
|characters        = Archenoul; Areta; Chenee; Frejus; Galathee; Graciette; Hajanad; Inkanak; Irimia; Jala; Joliot; Lemta; Leuca; Mela; Ninette; Ottnit; Potier; Rika; Semaine; Sonny; Tres; Trudaine; Vermeer; Veta; Zhunan
}}
{{Description|The [[Fontinalia Film Festival]] is here, and all kinds of wonderful films are being prepared with great excitement! Let's follow the summer breeze back to [[Fontaine]] and take a look. Who knows? We might even run into some old friends there!}}
'''Sunny Summer Fontinalia''' is a [[Flagship Event]] in {{LL|Version "Luna VIII"|.}}

==Event Details==
===Duration===
* After the Version "Luna VIII" update – 2026/08/11 03:59

===Requirements===
* [[Adventure Rank]] 20 or above
* Complete [[Archon Quest]] [[Prologue]]: Act III "[[Song of the Dragon and Freedom]]"
* Unlock any [[Statue of The Seven]] in [[Fontaine]]
* Complete the Archon Quest [[Song of the Welkin Moon]] - [[Truth Amongst the Pages of Purana|Act X]] first to get the best experience from this event.

===Summary===
* During the event, you will manage a special aquarium by taking part in three activities: Operation Deep-Dive Treasure, Kaleido-Catch, and Curio Ledger.
* In the "[[Sunny Summer Fontinalia (Event)/Operation Deep-Dive Treasure|Operation Deep-Dive Treasure]]" game mode, you will head to designated underwater areas to earn funds by completing specific quest objectives, such as recovering scattered collectibles or bringing back certain aquatic creatures.
* In the "[[Sunny Summer Fontinalia (Event)/Kaleido-Catch|Kaleido-Catch]]" game mode, you can use special bait to retrieve the recovered fish from the pond, and return them to the aquarium tanks to earn funds.
* In the "[[Sunny Summer Fontinalia (Event)/Curio Ledger|Curio Ledger]]" game mode, you will manage the aquarium's souvenir shop, and sell items you have salvaged and restored to visitors to earn funds.
* Use the funds you earn to upgrade Marvelous Abilities to increase your overall capabilities to better complete your tasks.
* Complete the event's various tasks to gain Venue Popularity. When your Venue Popularity reaches the required level, you may invite "Lens of Verity" [[Charlotte]] (Cryo) to join your party. You can also obtain Charlotte's Outfit "[[Hurlock Variations]]," [[Primogem]]s, [[Crown of Insight]], and other rewards.
* Charlotte's outfit "Hurlock Variations" will be available for purchase in the [[Character Outfit Shop]] after the end of Version "Luna VIII," which will be priced at 1,680 Genesis Crystals.
* During the event, complete the [[Story Quest]] "[[Sunny Summer Fontinalia]]" to obtain additional rewards including Primogems, [[Character Ascension Material]]s, [[Character Level-Up Material]]s, and [[Local Specialty (Fontaine)|Local Specialties (Fontaine)]].
* After this event ends, the Story Quest "Sunny Summer Fontinalia" can still be accepted and completed normally.

==Popularity Gift==
Reach 200 {{Item|Venue Popularity}} to invite {{Character|Charlotte|nobr=1}}.
{|class="article-table"
!Objective
!Rewards
|-
|Total Popularity reaches 200
|{{Card List|delim=;|Primogem*60;Banner of the Wingalet*1;Mora*60,000;Guide to Equity*6}}
|-
|Total Popularity reaches 400
|{{Card List|delim=;|Primogem*60;Wingalet Rules of Conduct*1;Mora*60,000;Guide to Justice*6}}
|-
|Total Popularity reaches 600
|{{Card List|delim=;|Primogem*60;Ripples in Miniature*1;Mora*60,000;Guide to Order*6}}
|-
|Total Popularity reaches 800
|{{Card List|delim=;|Primogem*60;Keys of Ingenuity*1;Mora*60,000;Guide to Vagrancy*6}}
|-
|Total Popularity reaches 1000
|{{Card List|delim=;|Primogem*60;Crown of Insight*1;Mora*60,000}}
|}

===Outfit Gift===
You can claim [[Charlotte]]'s outfit "[[Hurlock Variations]]" once Venue Popularity reaches 800.
{{Card|Hurlock Variations|type=Outfit}}

==Fontinalia Film==
Complete the [[Sunny Summer Fontinalia|quest series]] during the event to obtain rewards
{{Card List|delim=;|show_caption=1|Primogem*60;Shivada Jade Fragment*9;Plume of the Fallen Watcher*6;Subdetection Unit*30;Reinforced Drive Shaft*12;Broken Drive Shaft*15}}

==Battle Pass Missions==
{{Battle Pass Missions
|name     = Sunny Summer
|mission1 = {{Color|[Event]}} Catch a total of 10 different harmless fish in "Kaleido-Catch" during the "Sunny Summer Fontinalia" event
|exp1     = 1200
|mission2 = {{Color|[Event]}} Sell a total of 40 collectibles in "Curio Ledger" during the "Sunny Summer Fontinalia" event
|exp2     = 1500
|mission3 = {{Color|[Event]}} Unlock "Elite Strike VIII" in Marvelous Abilities in the "Sunny Summer Fontinalia" event
|exp3     = 1500
|mission4 = {{Color|[Event]}} Earn 800 Venue Popularity in the "Sunny Summer Fontinalia" event
|exp4     = 1500
}}

==Total Rewards==
{{Event Rewards
|Primogem = 1060
|Crown of Insight = 1
|Charlotte = 1
|Hurlock Variations = 1
|sort = Primogem,Crown of Insight,Charlotte,Hurlock Variations
}}
<!--
{{Event Rewards
|type      = Event Items
|currency1 = count
|currency2 = count
|sort      = currency1,currency2
}}-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|Sunny Summer Fontinalia}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|Luna VIII}}